h1. Watir/Selenium GUI tests for Oddb.org

These GUI-tests allow you to check whether a complete oddb.org installation with the database, yus-daemon, etc
is working correctly.
It also uses some common names to test whether the different searches work, e.g. we assume that we can find
a medicament named Aspirin.

To use it, check the following requirements
* you have the necessary gems installed, eg. by calling @bundle install --gemfile Gemfile.watir@
** watir-webdriver
** watir
** rspec
* You have changed HomeURL in spec/spec_helper.rb to point to the site you want to test

Then you can run a single test by calling @bundle exec rspec spec/smoke_test.rb@

h2. Creating new tests interactively

Here is a irb sample, which demonstrates the main points.

bq. require Dir.pwd + '/spec/spec_helper.rb'
@browser = Watir::Browser.new # should open firefox, the default watir browser
@browser.goto OddbUrl # Now it should show the home page of the your test site
page = OddMain.new(OddbUrl, true)
puts @browser.selects[0].text # should ouput Preisvergleich <..>
@browser.buttons[1].click # goes to the paypal site
@browser.back # to back
@browser.select(:name => /search_type/).select('Interaktion') 

h3. Recording

Firefox has a "TestWise-Recorder":https://addons.mozilla.org/de/firefox/addon/testwise-recorder/ which allows you to record a session and create watir scripts.


h2. Further reading

"Watir.com":http://watir.com/documentation/ provides a lot of good documentation, eg.
* "Cheat-Sheet":https://github.com/watir/watir/wiki/Cheat-Sheet
* "Watir in 5 minutes":https://github.com/watir/watirbook/blob/master/main/watir-in-five-minutes.md
* "Summary API":https://github.com/watir/watir/wiki/HTML-Elements-Supported-by-Watir
* "FAQ":https://github.com/watir/watir/wiki/FAQ
